KNOWN BUGS						-*- text -*-

- Sometimes, Windows will fail to immediately unload the DLL containing
  the hooks, even though the call to FreeLibrary() succeeds.  This
  causes the DLL to deny all requests at modification.  The only known
  solutions are to either wait for Windows to free the library on its
  own (which can take a few minutes), to log off and then on again
  (though that sometimes fails, as well, if the app that references the
  hook library is started as a service, for example), or to reboot the
  system.

- Use under Explorer is, while possible, not entirely pain-free.  I
  haven't bothered putting in any checks and/or considerations for other
  free software shells, let alone Explorer.

- If X-Mouse is turned on, tile-on-focus is a bit flaky.  In the worst
  case, the current and previous tracked windows will switch places in
  rapid succession (this occurs when Windows fails to get the cursor to
  jump to within the focused window's client area).  It's possible that
  this glitch could cause an application to crash, though I haven't
  experienced that personally..

- The whole project is not reentrancy-proof.  This is a boon in some
  ways (though I forgot which ways), but certainly a pain in others.
  For example, if a request for tiling comes in while an earlier request
  is still being processed, the shell throws up its hands in frustration
  then falls to its knees and weeps.  (Well, not really...  But it does
  make the shell seem a lot slower than it actually is.)

- Everytime focus changes, memory usage is incremented by about 8k if
  the currently and previously maximized window handles are both NULL,
  4k if only one or the other is.

  Preliminary tests with the MemWatch library helped catch -one-
  malloc()'d string that wasn't properly free()'d.  This doesn't account
  for the almost 200% increase in physical memory usage.

- Startup items are no longer ignored, but their execution is
  unsatisfactory.

- There is no logic at all to the position of the unfocused windows.
  Implement a stack to hold them in?  Better yet, maybe a linked list.

- The `CoolSwitch' window (the one that appears on when Alt-Tabbing)
  gets tiled.  To reproduce this, set the value of
  TIMEOUT_WINDOW_ACTIVATE in config.h to a suitably high number (say,
  500 or so).  With a window on the track, Alt-Tab to a new one to
  switch focus and activate the timer.  Before the timer expires,
  Alt-Tab once again to bring out the `CoolSwitch' window.  When the
  windows are tiled, `CoolSwitch' will be included.

  What gets my goat so thoroughly is the fact that the damn thing is too
  hard to get at to examine with something like Spy++, so I'm bound to
  just hardcode an exception in the tiling code.  Worse yet, when you
  let Alt-Tab go, and `CoolSwitch' is removed from the screen, it
  doesn't trigger a retiling (it doesn't look like Windows sends a
  HSHELL_WINDOWDESTROYED when that happens).

- This hasn't been worked on IN OVER A YEAR!
